[0035] Add scope validation rules (#902)
microsoft/hlsl-specs: proposals/0035-linalg-matrix.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the form `RET = LHS + RHS`.
```

* Argument RHS is an `A` or `B` matrix

> * Argument LHS is an `Accumulator` matrix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* RHS is an `A` or `B` matrix
* RET and LHS are `Accumulator` matrices
```

> * Type of LHS is the same as the return type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Type of LHS and RET are the same
```

The base alignment of the vector must be at least 64-bytes.

Validation rules will enforce that:

> * The resource handle must be an UAV RWByteAddressBuffer

Reviewer: Not asking for a spec change: I'm assuming in cases like this where nothing is said "all matrix scopes" are acceptable?

Author: Yes, that's the intent because there is nothing to validate.
